hello and welcome to the lady
deathwhisper guide from Milan to play
wool calm
this fight is split into two phases in
the first phase you burn down the bosses
- shield while taking care of some ads
and in the second phase you just kill
the boss
the first phase represents the longest
part of this battle what's most
important during this phase is to make
sure you have enough DPS assigned to the
ads while still keeping some DPS on the
boss if you are constantly getting
overrun by ads then you should assign
more DPS to the ads if you are
constantly hitting the enrage timer then
have more people on the shield but least
on the normal mode it's not such a big
deal to distribute DPS but I do believe
that in the soon to come heroic versions
it will represent more of a problem
basically in rate you got classes with
mass Eevee abilities Eevee that hits up
to ten targets like mages with Blizzard
and classes that can cleave how should
these classes DPS ideally you'll want to
have the cliff classes classes that have
naturally occurring small range AV
abilities on the ads this means fury
warriors with whirlwind and the Ray
trees with divine storm still good but
less effective our combat Rose wit blade
flurry but don't think that keeping only
Meli's on the ads is the best solution a
well-placed Blizzard can also help
balance is important first of all the
ads will cleave you just as much as you
cleave them it is often that I've seen a
rogue or a rare tree getting too shorted
by the fanatic leave when two fanatics
are tanked close to each other also once
the ads on your side get taken down
melee need to either stay idle for a
couple of seconds or to run up and down
between the boss in the next set of ads
in both cases losing valuable time
not also that spell DPS will not be able
to harm adherence while Shield of the
occult is active more importantly
reanimated adherence can only be harmed
by physical damage while reanimated
fanatics can only be harmed by spell
damage all in all at least for normal
mode if you find this adherent fanatic
reanimated nor reanimated stuff a bit
confusing just skip physical DPS on
adherence and magical dps on fanatics
and you should be fine or even better if
you notice you are doing 20 damage in an
ad just switch on the 25-man version
you'll have two groups of ads appearing
from each side of the room with each
group consisting of free ads to
adherents and one fanatic or two
fanatics and one a direct you will also
get another random ad in the back on the
10-man version you will get only one
group of ads spawning from one side of
the room and then the other curse of
torpor increases ability cooldowns by 15
seconds it should be dispelled you will
notice the green death and decay
just like the TBM says stay out of it
besides the ads you will have to deal
with getting mind control just like on
the Cal to that fight you will want to
see see whoever is mind controlled what
half the cyclone is the best form of CC
because it also prevents unimportant
damage to that player and it can't be
broken phase two begins when her shield
goes down you'll want to delete the PS
on the shield until almost all the ads
are taken care of during phase two
thanks Fruitridge aggro as they get a
stacking fret debuff players will be
chased around by vengeful spirits if
caught the player and everyone close to
him will take serious AoE damage
everyone needs to keep an eye on these
spirits and just be quick to run away
when you see them anywhere near you with
the melee bunched up around the boss
these spirits are quite dangerous the
first ball cast needs to be interrupted
ideally you'd have a rotation setup
between two DPS and then have two other
DPS back that up or if you just don't
want to bother with it you could just
have everyone that can interrupt
interrupting sure the same cast will be
interrupted multiple times but chances
are few frost balls will get true this
has been a guide from learn to play
would calm thanks for watching
you